# Althing 2019
##  Intro
* Attendance: Oliver (Chair of DF Committee), Izzy (Ex-Laymember & GC Rep), Hazel (Training), Niamh, Beth (Ex-Laymember), Alexi (Shadow Treasurer & GC Rep), Lucy, Joel (Secretary), Delilah, Alex (Shadow Events & Venturer Liason), Noah (Mest-Up Coordinator), Gus, Alfie (Comms), Sarah (Fundraising), Robin (Events), Chris (Ex-Affiliations)
  * Number: 16
## Musings
* **Volunteer Accountant**
  * External Volunteer
    * There is a basis of this
    * Maybe Internal Bookeeper
      * External Bookeeper allows continuity
      * Puts more pressure on Central woodcraft
        * Not necessarily well trained
      * Finance staff will be trained
      * **ACTION Treasurer Team & Saz&Maz: Contact central about how we should proceed with this issue**
  * Treasurer Training
    * Allows for Consistency within DFs without external involvement
    * Long term solution, maybe not best short term solution
    * Mandating Treasurer training will give Consistency but might not be necessarily
      * The turnover of training means that the Consistency slips with accounts
      * making guidelines for all future Treasurers/Shadows
        * You can't remember everything and we don't know that we haven't been taught stuff
          * Training every x number of years/ everytime someone thinks they need it
            * *Table Training discussion till we've had the training*
    * Does this make Shadow Treasurer unecersary
      * Shadow gives support to Treasurer
      * A day of training isn't nearly as good as a day of training and a year of experience
    * What sort of training
      * Community accountancy service training
        * Basic Bookeeeping, Basic budgeting and forcasting
        * In person
        * Free, so only expense for travel
      * **ACTION: Treasurer Team go to this training**
  * The current accounts are a mess
    * we should go through old payments
      * really difficult job
* **Web Fairy Weirdness**
  * Moving to Central website
    * Would be better for a DF run thing
    * Central Woodcraft website is a mess and worse than ours
    * We need to make sure that Central woodcraft has stuff advertising DFs on central website
  * There is a safeguarding issue if the web-fairy/comms decides to reset passwords and access google drives
  * We should move away from social media being a our main way of communications
    * Websites look better to external visitors and incoming members and their parents
  * WebFairy Team
    * Ex Dfs would be able to do stuff
      * Allows for sharing of skills
      * takes pressure of WebFairy
    * Training potential WebFairies
      * ASK HAZEL ABOUT TRAINING
    * **ACTION: WebFairy & Comms to make + Advertise the WebFairy team and set it up**
    * **ACTION: Joel & Hazel, find old web fairies and ask about training for Website stuff**
* **Shift Supply Satchels**
  * Make shift kits for on shift people
  * allows for people to be in contact and helps new Coordinator shifts
  * **List:**
    * What their shift is about
    * Note book
    * Walkie Talkies
      * are potentially difficult to use effectivly
      * Not as useful at smaller events
      * Maybe not everyone has a walkie Talkie
        * 3 would be good
      * not a huge expense (Â£22 for 4)
      * anything with batteries needs to be charged
      * allows people to be contactable with no signal
  * Need to consider what we are asking people to bring
  * **Safeguarding**
    * WalkieTalkies could be an issue
      * people can be trained how to use them
        * Safeguarding is especially important
      * WalkieTalkies bring too many other issues and mean more otherness to people on shift which removes the point of it
      * potential trail of the WalkieTalkies using Ash's
        * Allows us to get a wider view of what DFs think about it
        * we could use the fancy ones from V Camp
      * **Proposal: WalkieTalkies at Winter Wonderland**
        * **Action; Oliver, Izzy & WW Admin: Winter Wonderland WalkieTalkie Trail**
        * Used as a point of contact, not for conversations
          * Steward like, which isn't what our on-shift people are for
    * Notebooks
      * people writing lots of confidential stuff in Notebooks is bad
        * Proper training and screening for Mest-Up would help stop these issues from arising
      * Centralised Sign in/out book that isn't carried with them
        * Kind of redundant to have it centralised
    * **Action Beth: Organise Shift Kits**
## Motions
* Enhancing Expensing Explanations
  * Seconded
  * No Opposition
  * The Motion Passes
* Omissions of Obligations
  * Seconded
  * Ammendment: Change health to well-being
      * Accepted
  * Ammendment: Old-New thing to Old-New and things to business events
      * Accepted
  * Ammendment: There are able to delegate to they are expected to delegate
      * Accepted
  * Ammendment: Remove "they are able"
      * Accepted
  * Ammendment: add "if they are able"
      * Rejected
      * The way that they are organised means that sometimes people can't come when they might be able to otherwise
        * maybe change to that they are able
      * People who can't come to events are still valuable
      * This is more about who were are a movement and how we work at our peak performance than how we actually function
      * The wellbeing thing covers not being able to come
      * The wording is the most important thing if we add this.
      * It is a bit wishy washy
          * Ammendment: change to "that they are able"
              * Rejected
                  * **Vote for Ammendment Ammendment:**
                      * For:12, Against:0, Absteintion:2
      * **Vote for Amendment:**
          * For:8, Against:4, Abstention:2
  * Ammendment: year to term
      * Accepted
  * **Vote for Motion:**
      * For:14, Against:0, Abstention:1
* Co-option Confusion
  * Seconded
  * No Opposal
* Campaigns Changes
  * Seconded
  * Amendment 1
      * Opposed
      * Campaigns are too specific, political climate is changing all the time
      * Removes the point of changing the rep to activism
      * Campaign work has been successful but is often more successful when pushing general involvement in activism.
      * 2 year role
      * **Vote**
          * For:0, Against:13, Abstentions:2
              * Rejected
  * **Vote for Motion**
      * For:14, Against:0, Abstentions:1
* Standing-Down Simplification
  * Seconded
  * Amendment (get rid of section on Campaigns)
      * Accepted
  * Amendment to have members choose to hold the odd or even laymember to allow someone to stand for 1 year if they want
      * Rejected
      * Its bad practice to only stand for one year and not have the two year role cycle
      * This allows people to be more comfortable in the length of time they are taking the role on
      * Allow people to do one year as laymember before taking on a 2 year role which can be useful
      * **Vote** (change "this" to "one")
          * For:12, Against:0, Abstentions:2
  * **Vote**
      * For:15, Against:0, Abstentions:0
  * **Things Trimming Travel**
    * Seconded
    * What would an online discussion involve, would it be viable
    * Things are poorly attended, having less things means more focused time at Things
    * In person gives better discussion. But going to a business is scary, logging onto an online discussion is less scary
    * Follow up with mini-thing at DF camp? Gives 2 business things without having to go away for a weekend.
    * **Action Alexi and Izzy hold a intro to discord workshop for WWL**
    * Things often sitting around chatting, there are better ways to use our time and money and cuts out the chat.
    * Not as tiring as having a long things
    * More accessible financially, generally people have phones or laptops that can be used
    * Amendment: replace "north" with "north west" and "east" with "north east"
        * **Vote**
            * For:13, Against:0, Abstentions:3
    * Winter is harder foe travel, people might want to spend time indoors on dischord meeting
    * People make plans for the summer, making woodcraft top priority is often hard
    * Discord can be used in large groups well, we need to learn how
    * **Action: Izzy Joel and Alexi be in charge of making sure this works**
    * **Action: Joel make a rough guide to discord**
    * **Vote**
        * For:15, Against:0, Abestentions:0

### Tom talks about Common Ground
## Return to Motions

* **Presenting Prevailing Policy Practices**
  * Seconded
  * No Opposal
* **Outreach Overtaking Other Obligations**
  * Seconded
  * No Opposal
* **Shadow Safeguarding**
  * Seconded
  * Amendment added to reduce the term of safeguarding to 1 year to take effect in 2020
      * Discussion about making shadow safeguarding part of the safeguarding team, not good for training a person
      * SAFEGUARDING NEED TO GET BETTER ASAP
      * **Vote**
          * For:15, Against:0, Abstention:0
* **Supporting Scotland**
  * Seconded
  * Historically we have had regional reps as the committee structure, replaced by the current system but has left Scotland high and dry
  * "this sounds like a dope idea" Oliver 2019
  * **Vote**
      * For:16, Against:0, Abstentions:0
* **DF-Camp Downsizing**
  * Seconded
  * Potentially make this common practice in years with international camps and/or venture camp
  * Discuss next althing having shorter df camps in general
  * Postpone discussion for old/new to later when we know if we can camp at kent?
  * Could go for a few days of DF camp and then 5 days of common ground
  * Shelve it till October
  * Kent is too far, it doesn't need to be so far away
  * Think about what it is that we want from the camp
  * **Action Comms to put a poll online so we can have better representation of districts that aren't here**
## Elections
* Here is a list of all of the candidates, the names in **bold** are the people who won those elections
* Committee Roles
  * Activism
      1. **Kat**
      1. Delilah Walbank
  * Chair of DF Committee
      1. **Izzy Stewart**
  * Communications
      1. **Gus & Iz Costello**
  * Outreach
      1. **Theo James-Lucas**
  * Events Representative
      1. **Alex 'No Nips' Smithson Swain**
  * Mest-Up Co-ordinator
      1. **Katie Lister and Hazel Cawthan**
  * Safeguarding Representative
      1. Beth Aveyard
      1. **RON**
  * Secretary
      1. **Joe Irving**
  * Shadow Treasurer
      1. **Robin Lyster**
  * Treasurer
      1. **Alexi Brailey-StÃ¤mpfli**
  * Laymember
      1. Theo James-Lucas
      1. Joe Irving
      1. **Lucy Kirby**
      1. **Jacob Maynard-Vesely**
      1. Niamh Pragnol-Tol
* Supervisory Roles
  * Accessibility
      1. **Niamh & Tessa**
* Non-Committee Roles
  * Zine
      1. **Gus & Iz Costello**
  * Web Fairy
      1. **Joe Irving**
  * First-Aid Fairy
      1. **Niamh Pragnol Tol**
  * GC Rep
      1. **Alexi Brailey-StÃ¤mpfli**
  * Common Ground
      1. Alexi Brailey-StÃ¤mpfli
      1. **Allison**
