* Attendance
Caitlin ?, Adi Childs, Josh Hope-Collins, Tom Brooks (invited from General Council), Emily Locke, Michelle Marsden, Imogen Smith, Patrick ?, Naomi Wilkins, Ryan Hilson, Jacob ?, Joe Flannagan, Nick FitzGerald, Lily Bowler, Louise Delmege, Jess Poyner, Joe MacMahon, Miriam ?, Katie ?, Nufi Neibig.

** Committee not in attendance
Anna Rathbone, Ellie Ferguson, Saskia Neibig, Ellie Mestel, Issy Rose.

* Consensus Workshop
Played a game in which there were 3 chairs and we separated into 3 groups.  One group had to put the chairs in a circle, one had to put them by the door and one had to sit on them.  The aim of the game was to realise that our objectives were mutually exclusive.

** What is consensus?
- Agreement
- Everyone's opinion is equal
- Compromise
- Waving hands
- What's best for a majority is not necessarily the best for the group.
- Respect
- Working towards something
- Problem solving
- Cooperation
- Decision making
- Actions

Bit on a flipchart check this later.

** The basic process
Process on the flipchart

*** Hand signals
Covered the basic 4, and had a bit of a discussion around the many others.

** Silly discussion
Should we call parents by their first names?

Many interesting points, eventually consensus was reached on calling our parents what we like and what they like.

* Committee feedback
** Joe Flannagan (Projects)
Will submit in writing.

*** Questions
**** Plans until next Thing?
- Finish off training for SA
- STEM cell resources pack.  ACTION: Funding for STEM cell pack.
- Evaluating past projects

**** What's happening with MEST-UP?
Been talking to Issy about it, although not in his remit technically.

**** Do you want any help?
Nope.

** Naomi Wilkins (Training, General Council Rep from the Movement)
Submitted in writing.  Maybe ask her to elaborate later?

*** Questions
**** Plans?
Any training that people want, also DF Camp.

** Josh Hope-Collins (Lay Member)
Not been doing that much as a result of uni.  Has spoken to Ryan re: CrabGrass and MEST-UP.  Over Easter he has quite a bit of time so plans to catch up on lost things, including TREE which is finishing soon.

Getting in touch with Bradford DFs about DF camp, getting Mark Thomas on DF question time.

Wanted to start a discussion at the next Thing clarifying what DFs' financial relationship is with Woodcraft central.

*** Questions
**** Do you feel like you're snowed under by DF work?
At the moment there's very little from DFs, but giong to focus on uni work for next 2 weeks and then have 5 weeks of DF-y Easter holidays.

** Imogen Smith (Chair of Committee)
Submitted in writing (presumably).  Created a cool postcard.

*** Questions
**** Consensus?
Been in touch with Seeds for Change about running facilitation training.  Will borrow JM's book on Introduction to Consensus.

**** What are your aims for the future?
Want to get proposals for Althing in soon, maybe discuss some things at Midlands Thing rather than Althing because Althing is well stressful.

** Lily Bowler (Events, Sustainability)
Submitted in writing.

*** Questions
**** Can we use the windmill for Midlands Thing?
No it's too small.

**** Can we get a referral from Barton Camp to give to other venues?
Yes, good idea.

**** Sustainability?
Both WWs had recycling; transport was arranged for south so taxis weren't used.  SA has lots of recycling.

**** The Share?
IT'S HAPPENING.  Sort of.

** Louise Delmege (Communications)
Rough guides.  Lots of things on the website.  Also helping coordinate SA.

*** Questions
**** Comms & Cams training?
Not really much happening.

***** Want any logistical help from Josh?
Yeah that would be nice.  ACTION: Let's make a working group.

** Emily Locke (Districts)
Mainly talking to Louise about the guide to DF groups; possibly get a PFA for it; will talk to London Liaison about it.

** Ryan Hilson (Lay Member, Vice Chair)
Been talking to people in his support group[fn:1].

*** Questions
**** Plans?
Making events less intimidating.

** Joe MacMahon (Sectretary)
**** Plans?
Online elections n shit.

**** Handover pack?
ACTION: Write a handover pack.

** Nick FitzGerald (Treasurer)
Finally finished the accounts, apart from some Trainng things which we need to talk to Saskia (as previous Training rep) about.  Workers' Beer[fn:2] money is finally coming in.

*** Questions
**** Something about dual signatories for online banking?
ACTION: Nick to liaise with Richard and look into this.

**** Do you feel comfortable handing over?
"I can try!"

** Anna Rathbone (International, General Council Rep from Committee)
To be included.

* Winter Wonderland 2014 Venues
No venues >103, so should we have two?

Themes for discussion:  One event or two?  Northern vs. Southern?  Atmosphere split?

Decided on two events.

Decided against having an atmosphere split.

Decided on having an even split.

Decided on having the 86-bed Leeds and Cambridge venues.

Make sure that coordination teams are aware that the events should be similar in atmosphere.

ACTION: Lily to make a video.

** Next year
Decided to try and have one big venue for 2015.

* Direction of MEST-UP
Context:  There's been a lot of discussion recently about MEST-UP and where it's going.

Issy's report.

ACTION: Saskia will give Issy details of MEST-UP people at SA.

ACTION: Naomi to talk to Issy about MEST-UP checklist.

** MEST-UP Checklist
List of things to learn at MEST-UP training.  No comments.

** Training on events
Would be bad to train new MEST-UP reps on social events, but we should do training on how to run a workshop.

** Do we need more reps?
We definitely have the money.

More MEST-UP training is generally good for everybody, not just DFs and regardless of whether we have enough MEST-UP reps at the moment.

We should wait until we have the checklist and training is more organised before training people, but now the checklist is being done, this shouldn't be an issue.

ACTION: Imogen to talk to Issy about funding more MEST-UP training.

Should plan training for November now, because when the new rep sarts in October it will be too late to book a venue.

ACTION: Naomi to get the ball rolling on the next MEST-UP training.

ACTION: Louise to sort out Issy's emails.

* Spring Awakening
Everything's going pretty well, no major issues.  It will be in Oxfordshire, near Banbury.  Lots of good programme ideas.

Theme: Sense and Sensibilities.

GRACE PETRIE is playing.

** Suggestions
- Ceilidh (ACTION: Joe)
- Use the budget

* Challenging Behaviour
Hufi ran a really good workshop on challenging unacceptable behaviour, which she'll run again at Spring Awakening.

* DF Statistics Project

* DF Days Out
DFs take Elfins, Pioneers, Venturers on trips to cool places like museums in London or whatever.

* Parking space
** Creating a safer space definition/list of requirements
This doesn't exist and should because safe spaces at recent events have been inadequate.

Should give the list to people at events so that they can provide it.

*** Must have 
- Tent or an indoor space on a camping event
- Space must be only the safer space and not used for anything else
- Clearly signposted
- Engaged sign
- Appropriate distance away

*** Would be nice
- Warm
- Attached to MEST-UP area
- Should be recognisable with like fairy lights
- Stress balls
- Tent with separate pods

** Contacts for districts
ACTION: Imogen to get these


** Online elections
Maybe overkill?  Online hustings put people standing at Althing at a disadvantage.

New proposal:  Have written hustings on display at Althing with analogue twitter.

ACTION: Joe to put it on the agenda for Midlands Thing.

* Michelle wrote a poem
joe mac hummoshommma

i enjoy writieng the minutes
joe lannnegan
spoon head miriam 

woodcraf6t heart

i felt emrpty and hollow like the centre of a tornado spinning dully along amidst the bleak hullabaloo
the belljar hung suspended, a few feet above my head. i felt surprisingly at peace.
i let the garments fall here, there, anywhere, in the dark heart of new york.
i look into the room. a screaming, bitter, forgotten cry and i sing to the beljar; hello
forive me lamb of violent white
the room of fragranty poem for me fragrant loss
will you dance the dnacers folly?????
i fear the we shall be long forgotten
my dear lost 
and i shall love you.
until my lips turn cold.
 dun dun duuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuun

i see the silver shimmer; IMOGE N YOU ARE BEAUTY
a shimmer of love and light: am i a child of a darkened heart?
JACOB YOUR FACE BROKE MY BRA
it sparkles like a million eyes of adoring chicas
and i shall remember
forever
joe to the right (machuhous)
you are GOLD (AHHHHHHHHH)
always believe in your SOUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUL
JESS POYNER: you are amazzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz MUCHOS LOS BESSOS
JOSH:you are wearing my hat
NICK: you are my favorite and best
EVERYONE: WEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE

* Understanding General Council
TREE is running out!  Oh no!  This means that the office might be understaffed and struggle to respond to things.

We will lose Chloë, Joe and Matthew from TREE, but keep Kat and Jamila from NCS.

Summary of what all the staff do, and a budget report.

* Financial Report
Spent ~£10,000 more than we took in, but £4k of that was donation to central, £3k was donation to VCamp, £2,500 was paying off a tab with Woodcraft central from when we had no access to our accounts.

* Quotes
"Do you feel able to hand over to the next Shadow Treasurer?" / "I can try!" -- Nick FitzGerald, Shadow Treasurer

"I'm trying to be more rude girl." -- Imogen Smith

"I have a bottle of wine to drink, so I think I'll get through at least 4 slices of bread." -- Louise Delmege

"It's one of our most training-heavy events, apart from, like, training events." -- Louise Delmege

"Life is not a montage." -- Hufi Neibig

"That's the best kind of child: an imaginary one!" -- Joe Flannagan

"If you ask to see something, they have to get it out and show it to you." -- Louise Delmege

"Which hat are you wearing?" / "Fuck off..." -- Naomi Wilkins / Josh Hope-Collins

"Would a kid-petting zoo be weird?" -- Nick FitzGerald

"GC meet four times a year and bicker in a room.  So now you know what GC *is*..." -- Tom Brooks

* Footnotes

[fn:1] What's a support group?

[fn:2] What's Workers' Beer?

